Fold aggregate into prefix (#3305)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/installation/upgrading-from-nautobot-v1.md

### Replaced Models

> #### Generic Role Model

Reviewer: Misleading heading - this section covers both Role and Location changes. Might need to split this into two sections and carve up the "Removed Model/Replaced With" table between those sections if so.

| `dcim.Site`       | `dcim.Location`|
| `ipam.Role`       | `extras.Role`  |

#### Aggregate Migrated to Prefix

> The `ipam.Aggregate` model has been removed and all existing aggregates will be migrated to `ipam.Prefix` with `type` set to "Container". The `Aggregate.date_added` field will be migrated to `Prefix.date_allocated` and changed from a Date field to a DateTime field with the time set to `00:00`. `Aggregate.tenant`, `Aggregate.rir` and `Aggregate.description` will be migrated over to the same fields on `Prefix`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ipam.Aggregate` model has been removed and all existing Aggregates will be migrated to `ipam.Prefix` records with their `type` set to "Container". The `Aggregate.date_added` field will be migrated to `Prefix.date_allocated` and changed from a Date field to a DateTime field with the time set to `00:00` UTC. `Aggregate.tenant`, `Aggregate.rir` and `Aggregate.description` will be migrated over to the equivalent fields on the new `Prefix`.
```

> If a `Prefix` already exists with the same network and prefix length as a previous `Aggregate`, the `rir` and `date_added` fields will be copied to the existing prefix object. Messages will be output during migration (`nautobot-server migrate` or `nautobot-server post-upgrade`) if the `tenant`, `description` or `type` fields need to be manually migrated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a `Prefix` already exists with the same network and prefix length as a previous `Aggregate`, the `rir` and `date_added` fields will be copied to the `rir` and `date_allocated` fields on the existing Prefix object. Messages will be output during migration (`nautobot-server migrate` or `nautobot-server post_upgrade`) if the `tenant`, `description` or `type` fields need to be manually migrated.
```

| Model              | Removed Filter Field  | UI and API endpoints that are no longer supported in v2.X                                     |
|--------------------|-----------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Aggregate          | `tenant_group_id`     |                                                                                               |

Reviewer: Probably need to document removal of `Tenant` `aggregates` and `has_aggregates` filters here.
